
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="itec_notes">ITEC NOTES</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;ITEC NOTES&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;itec_notes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-26&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="access_info">ACCESS INFO</h2>
<div class="level2">
<dl class="file">
<dt><a href="/doku.php?do=export_code&amp;id=projects:itec:notes&amp;codeblock=0" title="Download Snippet" class="mediafile mf_md">access-info.md</a></dt>
<dd><pre class="code file md"># Access Information
&nbsp;
## Environments
&nbsp;
- Local: [http://develop.itec.co.jp](http://develop.itec.co.jp)
- Develop: [http://dev.itec.co.jp](http://dev.itec.co.jp)
- Staging: [https://stg.itec.co.jp](https://stg.itec.co.jp)
- Production: [https://itec.co.jp](https://itec.co.jp)
&nbsp;
## Basic Auth
&nbsp;
- User: `itec`
- Password: `CfsitQx4R3Db`
&nbsp;
※ Basic auth has been disabled on the local environment.
&nbsp;
##  Login
&nbsp;
- [All Bizwind account details - SharePoint](https://bizwindcojp.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/dev1pj/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B8C641927-1DA5-4B88-98C8-886E85058D5B%7D&amp;file=%E3%82%A2%E3%82%A4%E3%83%86%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%E7%92%B0%E5%A2%83%E6%8E%A5%E7%B6%9A%E6%83%85%E5%A0%B1.xlsx&amp;action=default&amp;mobileredirect=true&amp;cid=3df471b3-47d3-4340-ac36-fb7356daa19e)
&nbsp;
### Staging
&nbsp;
Learnius account is used on both Store and Learnius portals.
&nbsp;
| System | Username | Password | URL |
|---|---|---|---|
| WordPress | `bwadmin` | `Rouzs*BcsF(Uhb*aVTvqH*s*` | /wp-admin/ |
| Learnius | `bwadmin` | `HNykV4g6` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `bwkojin` | `Ve2az8ES` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `bwhoujin` | `A6fCT3lr` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `bwhousei` | `NdcUN6f1` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `bwhougaku` | `eaR73EVu` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `1te9Gaku1` † | `1te9Test` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
|          | `1te9Tan1` † | `1te9Test` | /learning/mypage/login/ |
| EC-CUBE | `bizwind` | `J2gE5ctv` |/store/admin/ |
&nbsp;
† Also used by iTec. Don't modify data with this account without permission.
&nbsp;
### Local
&nbsp;
- Local environment accounts is the same with staging.
- Using `1te9*` accounts is advised because it has some courses already setup for quick testing.
&nbsp;
## SSH
&nbsp;
Request the SSH key files from persons in charge, then configure your SSH properly.
&nbsp;
### VPN
&nbsp;
Connect to Bizwind JP VPN first before doing SSH. Request access from persons in charge.
&nbsp;
### Development (dev.itec.co.jp)
&nbsp;
- **user id**: bizwindadmin
- **host**: 52.68.208.51
- **pem**: bizwindadmin.pem
- **path**: /var/www/html/dev.itec.co.jp
&nbsp;
```sh
bizwindadmin.pem
ssh -i bizwindadmin.pem -o IdentitiesOnly=yes bizwindadmin@52.68.208.51
```
&nbsp;
### Staging (stg.itec.co.jp)
&nbsp;
- **user id**: bizwindadmin
- **host**: 52.68.208.51
- **pem**: bizwindadmin.pem
&nbsp;
```sh
ssh -i bizwindadmin.pem bizwindadmin@52.68.208.51
ssh -i bizwindadmin.pem -o IdentitiesOnly=yes bizwindadmin@52.68.208.51
```
&nbsp;
### Production (itec.co.jp)
&nbsp;
- **user id**: bw-d.ladaga
- **host**: 54.65.98.54
- **pem**: bizwindadmin.pem
&nbsp;
```sh
ssh -i bizwindadmin.pem -o IdentitiesOnly=yes bw-d.ladaga@54.65.98.54
```
&nbsp;
## Database
&nbsp;
### Access
&nbsp;
#### Staging
&nbsp;
- **Host**: `itec-stg-db01.cxsgknfx9n9a.ap-northeast-1.rds.amazonaws.com`
- **Store**: `eccube_prd1`
- **HP/WordPress**: `toppage_prd1`
- **Learnius**: `moodle_prd1`
&nbsp;
```sh
un: itec
pw: U9pA3fPw
```
&nbsp;
---
← [Index](./index)</pre>
</dd></dl>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;ACCESS INFO&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;access_info&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;27-&quot;} -->